README.md, before:

## NextFaster

A highly performant e-commerce template using Next.js and AI generated content by [@ethanniser](https://x.com/ethanniser), [@RhysSullivan](https://x.com/RhysSullivan) and [@armans-code](https://x.com/ksw_arman)

### Design notes

**Check out the detailed [twitter thread](https://x.com/ethanniser/status/1848442738204643330)**

- Uses [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/)
  - All mutations are done via [Server Actions](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/server-actions-and-mutations)
- [Partial Prerendering](https://vercel.com/blog/partial-prerendering-with-next-js-creating-a-new-default-rendering-model) is used to precompute the shells of pages
  - When deployed, these are served statically from the edge
  - Dynamic data (such as cart information) is then streamed in
- Uses [Drizzle ORM](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/overview) on top of [Neon Postgres](https://neon.tech)
- Images stored on [Vercel Blob](https://vercel.com/docs/storage/vercel-blob)
- Used [v0](https://v0.dev) to generate all initial UIs, check out some of the threads we were particularly impressed by:
  - [v0 makes pretty impressive search dropdown without a library](https://v0.dev/chat/lFfc68X3fir?b=b_1o4tkiC9EEm&p=0)
  - [recreating 'order' page](https://v0.dev/chat/RTBa8dXhx03?b=b_4RguNNUEhLh)
  - [recreating 'login' page](https://v0.dev/chat/tijwMFByNX9?b=b_XnRtduKn2oe)

#### AI

- Used [OpenAI](https://openai.com)'s `gpt-4o-mini` with their batch API and the Vercel AI SDK to generate product categories, names and descriptions
- [GetImg.ai](https://getimg.ai) was used to generate product images via the `stable-diffusion-v1-5` model

### Deployment

- Make sure the Vercel project is connected to a Vercel Postgres (Neon) database and Vercel Blob Storage
- Run `pnpm db:push` to apply schema to your db

### Local dev

- Run `vc env pull` to get a `.env.local` file with your db credentials.
- Run `pnpm install` && `pnpm dev` to start developing
- For DB migrations with `drizzle-kit`:
  - Make sure `?sslmode=required` is added to the `POSTGRES_URL` env for dev
  - Run `pnpm db:push` to apply schema to your db
- The data/data.zip includes a ~300 MB data.sql file with the full schema and 1,000,000+ products

### Performance

[PageSpeed Report](https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis/https-next-faster-vercel-app/7iywdkce2k?form_factor=desktop)

<img width="822" alt="SCR-20241027-dmsb" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/810bc4c7-2e01-422d-9c3d-45daf5fb13ce">

Commit message:

clarify vercel neon free tier size limits in readme

README.md, after:

## NextFaster

A highly performant e-commerce template using Next.js and AI generated content by [@ethanniser](https://x.com/ethanniser), [@RhysSullivan](https://x.com/RhysSullivan) and [@armans-code](https://x.com/ksw_arman)

### Design notes

**Check out the detailed [twitter thread](https://x.com/ethanniser/status/1848442738204643330)**

- Uses [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/)
  - All mutations are done via [Server Actions](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/server-actions-and-mutations)
- [Partial Prerendering](https://vercel.com/blog/partial-prerendering-with-next-js-creating-a-new-default-rendering-model) is used to precompute the shells of pages
  - When deployed, these are served statically from the edge
  - Dynamic data (such as cart information) is then streamed in
- Uses [Drizzle ORM](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/overview) on top of [Neon Postgres](https://neon.tech)
- Images stored on [Vercel Blob](https://vercel.com/docs/storage/vercel-blob)
- Used [v0](https://v0.dev) to generate all initial UIs, check out some of the threads we were particularly impressed by:
  - [v0 makes pretty impressive search dropdown without a library](https://v0.dev/chat/lFfc68X3fir?b=b_1o4tkiC9EEm&p=0)
  - [recreating 'order' page](https://v0.dev/chat/RTBa8dXhx03?b=b_4RguNNUEhLh)
  - [recreating 'login' page](https://v0.dev/chat/tijwMFByNX9?b=b_XnRtduKn2oe)

#### AI

- Used [OpenAI](https://openai.com)'s `gpt-4o-mini` with their batch API and the Vercel AI SDK to generate product categories, names and descriptions
- [GetImg.ai](https://getimg.ai) was used to generate product images via the `stable-diffusion-v1-5` model

### Deployment

- Make sure the Vercel project is connected to a Vercel Postgres (Neon) database and Vercel Blob Storage
- Run `pnpm db:push` to apply schema to your db

### Local dev

- Run `vc env pull` to get a `.env.local` file with your db credentials.
- Run `pnpm install` && `pnpm dev` to start developing
- For DB migrations with `drizzle-kit`:
  - Make sure `?sslmode=required` is added to the `POSTGRES_URL` env for dev
  - Run `pnpm db:push` to apply schema to your db
- The data/data.zip includes a ~300 MB data.sql file with the full schema and 1,000,000+ products
  - *NOTE: The data exceeds the size limit allowed by the free tier for Neon on Vercel* [see more](https://vercel.com/docs/storage/vercel-postgres/usage-and-pricing#pricing)

### Performance

[PageSpeed Report](https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis/https-next-faster-vercel-app/7iywdkce2k?form_factor=desktop)

<img width="822" alt="SCR-20241027-dmsb" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/810bc4c7-2e01-422d-9c3d-45daf5fb13ce">
